Description of the Kedok unit
Top:
At the top of Kedok you will find, at the right side, a membrane touch panel which controls Kedok.
It is square with 5 buttons, shaped like a joystick keypad.
It has an up, down, left, right and menu button.
At the left on the top is a square window with a display to show all settings and what a shooter is doing in the menu.
You can also make all settings by reading this display.

Front:
At the front you will find the power on/off switch.

Left:
On the left side you will find the most important connections.
Reading from the back to the front:
At the lower part is the headphone connector; above it is a knob to adjust the aiming pitch volume.
Next you will find the sensor connector where the cable to the scope goes.
Never connect/disconnect this cable if Kedok is running.
Next to this connector is a USB port to upload new firmware into the unit; it has a dust cover which only needs to be removed if new firmware is being uploaded.
At the front side is a micro USB connector to charge the Kedok unit.  You can use any 5 Volt mini USB charger.
The right and back of the unit are empty.

The membrane touch panel:
The centre menu button will put you into the settings menu.
The menu is voice guided and with the up/down button, you can go through all the menu options.
If you want help with an option, press the right button and you will get help with the selected option.
If you press the menu button again, you can adjust the chosen setting with the up/down buttons.
If you want to save the settings, press menu again; if you want to leave without saving the settings, press left.
Pressing left in the main menu exits the menu.

If you press the right button, Kedok goes into calibration mode.
First the unit asks you to get ready; at that moment, find the target card.
Next it will ask you to aim the best you can; Kedok scans the target for the highest pitch it can find.
Best practice is to aim as if you are rubbing over a surface.
When Kedok has collected enough data, it will save it and the set is ready to use.

If you press the left button, Kedok will show real time sensor readings and debug information on the display.
This is to help a trainer to see what the shooter is doing.
Display updates using this option will give a small lag in the pitch.
This display also gives an overview of all the settings that were made in the settings menu.

Pressing the Up button will make the sensor more sensitive;  if a shooter doesn't think the unit reaches his accustomed highest pitch, he can press this button.

Pressing the Down button will make the sensor less sensitive; Kedok warns the shooter if it needs to be pressed by voice.

It is important to use the supplied lamp only;  this is a 45 Watt halogen lamp with a beam width of 8 degrees.
Kedok is fully voice guided, so there is no need for the shooter to read the display.
Sound volume is split into two parts:  for pitch volume, use the turning knob on the right side of the unit; voice volume can be set in the menu.

With a fully charged battery you can use the unit for about 8 hours.
Best practice is always to recharge after a shooting session.
Battery charging will stop when the battery is fully charged.

Scope zeroing can be done by the turrets on the scope.
By adjusting it, you can move the point of impact of the pellet on the target.
The top adjuster (elevation) moves the point of impact up or down.
The side adjuster (windage) moves the point of impact left or right.
About 11 clicks will move it one point on the target.

Kedok is an open-source project and will be continuously in development.
If you have any suggestions, want to help, or want to join the project, please don't hesitate to contact us.

